README.md, before:

# Mobile Web Specialist Certification Course
---
#### _Three Stage Course Material Project - Restaurant Reviews_

## Project Overview: Stage 1

For the **Restaurant Reviews** projects, you will incrementally convert a static webpage to a mobile-ready web application. In **Stage One**, you will take a static design that lacks accessibility and convert the design to be responsive on different sized displays and accessible for screen reader use. You will also add a service worker to begin the process of creating a seamless offline experience for your users.

### Specification

You have been provided the code for a restaurant reviews website. The code has a lot of issues. It’s barely usable on a desktop browser, much less a mobile device. It also doesn’t include any standard accessibility features, and it doesn’t work offline at all. Your job is to update the code to resolve these issues while still maintaining the included functionality.

### What do I do from here?

1. In this folder, start up a simple HTTP server to serve up the site files on your local computer. Python has some simple tools to do this, and you don't even need to know Python. For most people, it's already installed on your computer.

In a terminal, check the version of Python you have: `python -V`. If you have Python 2.x, spin up the server with `python -m SimpleHTTPServer 8000` (or some other port, if port 8000 is already in use.) For Python 3.x, you can use `python3 -m http.server 8000`. If you don't have Python installed, navigate to Python's [website](https://www.python.org/) to download and install the software.

2. With your server running, visit the site: `http://localhost:8000`, and look around for a bit to see what the current experience looks like.
3. Explore the provided code, and start making a plan to implement the required features in three areas: responsive design, accessibility and offline use.
4. Write code to implement the updates to get this site on its way to being a mobile-ready website.

## Leaflet.js and Mapbox:

This repository uses [leafletjs](https://leafletjs.com/) with [Mapbox](https://www.mapbox.com/). You need to replace `<your MAPBOX API KEY HERE>` with a token from [Mapbox](https://www.mapbox.com/). Mapbox is free to use, and does not require any payment information.

### Note about ES6

Most of the code in this project has been written to the ES6 JavaScript specification for compatibility with modern web browsers and future proofing JavaScript code. As much as possible, try to maintain use of ES6 in any additional JavaScript you write.

Commit message:

wrote the Reamde file according to my coding experience

README.md, after:

# Restaurant Review app

## Introduction

The restaurant review app is the final project developed for the Front-End Web Developer Nanodegree Program at Udacity.
The app design was stablished by our mentors, and the objective of my work was to code for Accessibility, Responsivenes and set up a Service Worker.

[**Interested in knowing more about Udacity Program?**](https://www.udacity.com/course/front-end-web-developer-nanodegree--nd001)

## Documentation

You can find the project rubric  [here!](https://review.udacity.com/#!/rubrics/1090/view)

## Usability

All app components are usable across modern desktop, tablet, and phone browsers without any installation required.

## Dependencies:

-[leaflet](https://unpkg.com/leaflet@1.3.1/dist/leaflet.css)
-[google code](//normalize-css.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/normalize.css)


## What do I do from here? How do I get started?

1. In this folder, start up a simple HTTP server to serve up the site files on your local computer. Python has some simple tools to do this, and you don't even need to know Python. For most people, it's already installed on your computer.

In a terminal, check the version of Python you have: `python -V`. If you have Python 2.x, spin up the server with `python -m SimpleHTTPServer 8000` (or some other port, if port 8000 is already in use.) For Python 3.x, you can use `python3 -m http.server 8000`. If you don't have Python installed, navigate to Python's [website](https://www.python.org/) to download and install the software.

2. With your server running, visit the site: `http://localhost:8000`, and look around for a bit to see what the current experience looks like.
3. Explore the provided code, and start making a plan to implement the required features in three areas: responsive design, accessibility and offline use.
4. Write code to implement the updates to get this site on its way to being a mobile-ready website.

## Leaflet.js and Mapbox:

This repository uses [leafletjs](https://leafletjs.com/) with [Mapbox](https://www.mapbox.com/). You need to replace `<your MAPBOX API KEY HERE>` with a token from [Mapbox](https://www.mapbox.com/). Mapbox is free to use, and does not require any payment information.

### Note about ES6

Most of the code in this project has been written to the ES6 JavaScript specification for compatibility with modern web browsers and future proofing JavaScript code. As much as possible, try to maintain use of ES6 in any additional JavaScript you write.

## Contributing

Note from the Mentors:

>The files in this repository are used as the starting point for all students. Because we want students to write the majority of the code themselves, pull requests (most likely) will not be merged into the project.

As this is my first app coding, you may find that many of the loops and code could probably be better, so once the project gets submitted and hopefully approved, feel free to contribute with anything that optimizes code or even helps me improve my coding skills welcome!

> Stay positive and happy. Work hard and don't give up hope. Be open to criticism and keep learning. Surround yourself with happy, warm and genuine people. **Tena Desae**
